# Alarm-Clock
Interactive Alarm Clock In Javascript

I have made an alarm clock using HTML, CSS and JAVASCRIPT as a part of a skill test for my full stack web development bootcamp. I have tried to make the interface look visually appealing. Separate sceerns appear with fading transitions for adding an alarm and when an alarm is hit. A list of added alarms is displayed on the main screen (the list is empty by default). An alarm can be deleted from the list by clicking the cross icon towards the right in the list. Please make sure to be connected to the internet while exploring the project to ensure all the imported icons appear as expected.

  The algorithm I have approached for making this clock works as follows:
  1. FOR UPDATING TIME ON THE MAIN SCREEN - a function is called before every frame using 'requestAnimationFrame()' method. This function stores values of hours, minutes, seconds and meridian in respective variables and the values are updated on the screen using DOM.
  2. FOR ADDING AN ALARM - when the 'add alarm' button is pressed, a screen fades in over the main screen and the background blurs. This screen has a box containing input fields for hours, minutes and meridian to set an alarm for. Along with this, a cancel button is present on the toop right corner of the box. Once the fields are filled with user input and the user clicks the 'add' button, the inputs are checked if they are valid. If the inputs are invalid, an alert message is shown and the input fields are reset. The alarm gets added to an array named 'alarms' if the inputs are valid.
  3. FOR UPDATING THE ALARM LIST ON THE MAIN SCREEN - whenever an alarm is added or is deleted from the list, a function is called which, initially clears the list and then fills with by reading the 'alarms' array.
  4. FOR HITTING AN ALARM - the function which is called before every frame, also checks if the current time matches with any alarm from the 'alarms' array. When an alarm is hit, a screen overlays the main screen with a fade in transition and displays the time of the alarm. An alarm sound is played. The screen stays until the user clicks the 'stop' button on the screen.
